Do you have a hobby?
What equipment do you need for it?
Did you have a hobby as a child?
Do you think hobbies should be shared with other people?
What hobbies are popular in your country?
Why do you think people have hobbies?
Will you have a hobby in old age?



of course i have a hobby.
moreover, i have several hobbies.
i think my friends also have hobbies.
probably, some of them have several hobbies too.
in the modern world almost everyone has a hobby.
it happens because we are surrounded by stress.
animals cannot have a hobby.

i know that any hobby needs a certain equipment.
this equipment has to be of high quality if a person likes his hobby.
for example, musician needs good instruments.
in most cases any equipment is expensive.
however, some hobbies dont need any equipment.
for instance, anyone can download the book in digital format.
it is absolutely free.
of course, if there is an internet connection.
otherwise, you can visit the closest library.

i used to only like reading.
it was when i was young.
i read a lot of books.
i liked detectives and adventure novels the most.
in particular, I read detective stories by Agatha Christie.
i also had the bicycle.
i often rode around my district.

it is properly to share your hobbie with other people.
usually people lack communication.
any hobby gives the opportunity to hang out with a company.

the most popular hobby in my country is the drinking.
i think it is not a healthy entertainment.
moreover, this hobby leads to illness and weakness.
i see that in recent years a lot of people go hicking.
i approve of these actions.
i could reccomend them to try camping too.

i think that any person rests when he is doing his hobby.
therefore hobby is a type of rest.
besides any hobby allows to meet new friends.
sometimes, hobby is just a habit.
however i think this is not the best result. 
because all habits must be conscious.

apparently i will have hobbies at any age.
this is because i have an active nature
i have a lot of various interests.
but i dont satisfy them all because i dont have enough time.
when i retire, i will only do my hobbies.