during my life i worked for many companies and factories.
my first job was ralated to my school.
when i was a child i studied in that school.
after a while i started to work as a watchman of that school.
it was a funny position because i played drums every night.
i quit this job 3 weeks later.
it happened because i found a more profitable job.

my new job was related to the factory.
this plant produced various dairy products.
my position was called a loader.
it was pretty difficult work.
unfortunately my physics condition didnt allow me to work for a long time.
thats why i quit that job after ten month.
right after that i bought a drum kit.
i spent my savings entirely.
nevertheless i was satisfied.

after that i started looking for a new job.
it was not an easy task because i didnt have any useful skills.
thats why after a few months i started to work as a loader again.
i worked for veda company.
it produced alcoholic beverages.
i worked for it for three months.
after that i decided to change a factory.

since then i started to looking for a new job.
my new job was located next to Veda factory.
it was factory too, it was called Orbita.
that factory was very old.
it was built about fifty years ago.
there i worked as an assembler of electronic devices.
in most cases i assembled electronic cabinets.
also i assembled electronic meters and probes for Sarov enterprises.

after a while i was employed by another factory.
that's why I quit my current job.
however it was a bad idea because my new employer cheated on me.
as a result I lost my job.
i spent all my savings for the next six months.
it was a terrible period of time.

one day i started to work for the biochemic factory.
my position was called mechanic.
my work was extremely dirty.
nevertheless i worked there for 2 years.
one day out workshop lost a programmer.
after that I suggested to my boss to move me to this position.
she agreed.
as a result i started to work as a programmer.
and did it for a year and a half.

---------------------------------

my work was extremely nervous.
thats why after a while i quit that job.
i started working for the biggest local provider.
it was called volgatelecom.
my office was located in the downtown.
i used two programming languages daily.
i mean pearl and php.
at that time they were very popular languages.
i also used SQL a little.
unfortunately, i was faint programmer.
thats why i was fired one and half year later.

right after that i started to study web technologies diligently.
i wanted to be a web pages layout designer.
to do it i  study technologies such as: html, css, js, jquery.
after short period of unemployment i found a new job.
i started working for webparadox company.
there i markuped web pages.
unfortunately, i was fired after my trial period.
it happened because i didnt have appropriate skills.

after that a pretty long period of my uneployment began.
sometimes i continued to study programming languages and markup technologies.
howerver, sometimes i wanted to go back to less qualified activity like a loading of boxes of assorted products.
one day i started working for PR Solution company.
i created web sites.
i used several CMS for this.
i mean dupal, joomla, wordprees an so on.
of course I made layout for these sites.
as a result i made a few internet stores during 1 year of work for that company.
it was pretty decent result, but i wanted more.
one day my boss became extremely unfriendly so i decided to quit my current job.

a long period of unemployment followed immediately after.
during that period i continued studying web technologies.
eventually i was hired by webparadox company again.
there i worked as a web pages layout designer.
it lasted for four months.
once that company went bankrupt.
as a result my boss cheated on me salary.

right after that webparadox-related company offered me a job.
i did markup for that company working for webparadox.
in other words webparadox was mediator.
i worked for that company for 1 year.
i did the same work, but i was getting larger salary.
however i dreamed of a programmer position.

one day i found a new job.
I passed the interview successfully.
right after that i left my present job.
next week i started to work as a JS programmer for  EPlatform company.
i made mobile applications for banks and pharmateutical companies mainly.
i used the following stack of technologies: js, angularjs, html, css.
it was extremely stressful period of time because i didnt have free time.
some of my projects have failed.
i wanted to change my job.
once i visited the interview to another company.
hoverver i failed it.

--------------

i tried to interview the simbirsoft company again six month later.
my second attempt was successfull.
after that i must to learn new framework called angular2.
my first project was related to this framework directly.
i participated in creation of a web application for the bank.
our team consisted of a few dozen developers.
at the same time, the bank had other contractors besides us.
the team included: developers, testers, analysts, team leaders, account managers, layout designers.
in particular, I participated in the development of the login system. 
in general, I worked on this project for three months.
that was my probationary period.

after that I was transferred to another project.
it was a business consulting system.
clients of this system got info about their partners and risks calculations.
there was a web version of that system.
it had a complex hierarchy of roles.
however, I was just fixing bugs and making up tables.
I was on that project for several months.
after that i was taken out of the project.

my next project was related to real estate agency.
i created frontend for admin panel and widget for the managers of that agency.
i used the following technologies: angular2, html, scss, d3, yandex maps.
our team made this project for six months.
As a result, the customer received a product.
this product made it possible to save money on training low-skilled managers.
that is, managers received analytics directly from the system, without using complex formulas.
That system used machine learning algorithms.
these algorithms were made by backenders.
data for this system was taken from open sources.
more precisely, they were collected by crawlers from numerous sites that contained real estate ads.

after i left that project a pretty large free time period started.
i participated in inner projects actively.
one day i was taken to new project.
it was called technonikol.
this company delivers various buildings materials.
the geography of this company is extensive.
it works for foreign customers.
our team had a task to create an admin panel.
this panel will be used by managers, drivers and customers.
each member had to have a role and appropriate permissions.
the similar system was created by previous development team.
it was so called MVP-system.
it was created very quickly, but it didn’t work perfectly
our team rewrote that system entirely.
i actively used angular2 framework and rxjs library.
unfortunately I didn't know rxjs library well.
as a result i was taken out from that project six months later.

after that i was directed to another project.
my new project was related to a education system.
i invented tests for students and imlements them.
i mean online tests of course.
it was tideous activity, but i worked with foreign customers.
it was positive side of my work.
i actively used english language.
in addition i had personal english teacher who helped me correct texts.
at that project i used only pure js language.
it was not easy.
however i have created many tests in 4 months.


---------------------
i was directed to another project - я был направлен на другой проект.
I was taken to another project - меня забрали на другой рпоект.
I was transferred to another project - меня перевели на другой проект.
I started working on another project - я начал работать на другом проекте.
I successfully interviewed for another project - я успешно прошёл собеседование на другой проект.
i passed the interview to another project successfully

the project was associated(related) to a real estate agency - проект был связан с агенством недвижимости.
I worked for a bank on my first project - я работал для банка на моём первом проекте.
I was developing a payment system on my new project - я разрабатывал платёжную систему на моем новом проекте.
on the next project, I took part in the development of an authorization system - на следующем проекте я принимал участие в разработке системы авторизации.
I worked for a large customer, it was a bank - я работал для крупного заказчика, это был банк.

I cannot name the company because I am bound by a nondisclosure agreement - я не могу назвать название компании потому что связан договором о неразглашении.
our team consisted of: designers, managers and so on - наша команда состояла из: дизайнеров, менеджеров и так далее.
we were one of the customer's contractors - мы были одним из подрядчиков заказчика.
that is, the customer had other contractors besides us - то есть у заказчика были другие подрядчики кроме нас.
we used the latest technologies - мы использовали актуальные технологии.
we used technologies that were up-to-date at that time - мы использовали актуальные на тот момент технологии.
I was developing a ticket accounting system

as a result of using that system, the customer saved money - в результате использования той системы заказчик экономил деньги.
the customer saved money using that system - заказчик экономил деньги, используя ту систему.
we developed that system within(in) six months - мы разработали ту систему в течение шести месяцев.
the customer received the finished system in six months - заказчик получил готовую систему через шесть месяцев.
we developed the system on time - мы разработали систему вовремя.
















