each project consists of development phases.
the development model places them in a specific order.
sometimes this model or parts of it is a cycle.
there are development methodologies that describe a set of methods for managing development.
I would like to tell about several of the more popular development methodologies.

waterfall is the oldest methodology.
the phases of the waterfall are performed sequentially.
First of all, system requirements are determined.
then the project analysts develop the specification.
after that the architects create the architecture and prepare hardware.
the next steps is coding and testing.
implementation happens last.
the cost of the error is very high because it is impossible to return to the previous phase.
basically this methodology was applied until the nineties.
it is good when all the requirements are known in advance.
but in modern development, the requirements are changed often, so this methodology is rarely used.

modern developers prefer to use agile methodologies.
the most popular agile methodology is Scrum.
this approach assumes that development time is divided into repetitive cycles.
these cycles are called sprints.
the average sprint lasts two weeks.
after ending of each sprint the developers team shows the intermediate result to the customer.
the customer looks at it and gives feedback.
after that a new sprint starts.
the important thing is that developers have meetings every day.
they discuss plans for the current day and yesterday's results.

It is important to understand that Scrum rules are very flexible.
that is, they can be changed.
therefore, each team uses its own unique variant of Scrum.
this is probably why this methodology belongs to the agile group.

kanban is one of the agile methodologies too.
it is different from Scrum.
first of all, it has no specific roles.
instead of sprints, continuous tasking is used.
this means that the team can receives a new task at any time.
there are other methodologies, but the ones I have listed are the most common






