1.	Do you have a hobby?
2.	What equipment do you need for it?
3.	Did you have a hobby as a child?
4.	Do you think hobbies should be shared with other people?
5.	What hobbies are popular in your country?
6.	Why do you think people have hobbies?
7.	Will you have a hobby in old age?
8.	what is your favorite hobby?



1:
of course i have a hobby.
moreover, i have several hobbies.
i think my friends also have hobbies.
probably, some of them have several hobbies too.
in the modern world almost everyone has a hobby.
it happens because we are surrounded by stress.
some of these hobbies are interesting, but some are not
animals unlikely have hobbies.
animals cannot have a hobby.

2:
i know that any hobby needs a certain equipment.
this equipment must be good if a person really likes his hobby.
an example of this is a musician who needs high quality instruments
in most cases any equipment is expensive.
however, some hobbies dont need any equipment.
for instance, anyone can download the book in digital format.
it is absolutely free.
of course, this is good idea if there is an internet connection.
otherwise, you can visit the closest library.
there are a lot of paper books.

3:
i used to like reading.
it was when i was young.
i read a lot of books.
i liked detectives and adventure novels the most.
in particular, I read detective stories by Agatha Christie.
i had six books of agata christie at home.
I borrowed other books by Agatha Christie from the local library.
besides, i had a bicycle.
it was pretty cheap bicycle but i liked it.
i often rode around my district.
sometimes i fell.
it was really painful.

4:
it is properly to share your hobbie with other people.
people usually lack communication.
any hobby gives the opportunity to hang out with a company.
you can use the internet to share your hobbies.
some people prefer live communication, so they unite in clubs.

5:
the most popular hobby in my country is the drinking.
i think it is not a healthy entertainment.
moreover, this hobby leads to illness and weakness.
i see that in recent years a lot of people go hicking.
i could reccomend them to try camping too.
I approve of such activities.

6:
I think any person has a rest when he does his hobby.
therefore hobby is a type of rest.
as i told you before any hobby allows to meet new friends.
sometimes, hobby is just a habit.
however i think this is not the best result. 
because all habits must be conscious.

7:
apparently i will have hobbies at any age.
this is because i have an active nature
i have a lot of various interests.
but i dont satisfy them all because i dont have enough time.
when i retire, i will only do my hobbies.

8:
some of my hobbies are more loved than others.
i like the cinema the most.
i watch one movie daily.
in most cases i play these movies online.
in rare cases i download them using the tracker.
it is simple and convenient because the internet speed is high.
